hi and welcome to Cindy's Creole kitchen
tonight we will be preparing shrimp
shish kebabs I'm excited let's get
started football of the shrimp and you
add some olive oil just enough to coat
it just enough to coat the pan and I'm
going to take some garlic some bell
peppers and some purple onions that I'm
going to put on this just kebab I'm
going to take a small portion of it and
roughly chop it up we're just going to
roughly chop it up to add to the bowl
what you're going to do is you're going
to add the peppers the bell pepper the
red the yellow the orange bell pepper
roughly chopped don't have to be fine
your town just walk with chopped this is
pieces to marinade into the olive oil
and you're going to place it in a
refrigerator for about 30 minutes or
longer
you're just seasoning the strength with
your raw vegetables just roughly chop
them up nothing fancy not too small not
too big do you add it to your phone with
your shrimp and it's just out of room
and shrunk and I've taken and created my
own lil Creole seasoning I've added some
parsley some basil some oregano some
cayenne pepper some garlic powder some
onion powder can you see that and i just
added it one fourth of a teaspoon to it
and I'm going to add it to my mixture
I'm going to refrigerate this 30 minutes
to an hour
now I've had some that's actually been
marinating in the refrigerator so what
I'm going to do actually I'm going to
take and cut up my bell peppers that I'm
going to put on the shish kebab and I'm
just going to make nice little squares
enough to blend used to say to let the
vegetables hug the shrimp so what I'm
going to do is I'm actually going to
take a purple onion and put on the end
put on first facing up and then I'm
going to take a shape that's been
marinating in olive oil in the seasoning
and I'm going to add the strength to the
cisco Bob stick which you can buy these
in any supermarket fit they're
everywhere and then I'm going to add a
cupper just going to add a strum
and then I'm just going to continue with
shrimp vegetable onion chopped vegetable
until I fill it up with how many
vegetables and strength that I want on
the stick so I usually of these jumbo
shrimp and see if you can set them up
these jumbo shrimp I usually have like
44 on a stick try to make it a little
colorful by adding the different color
filter and between
so you can put three or four however
many you light and I'm going to just add
these strengths strip on here and then
I'm going to add it to a bowl that I
have a well a baking pan that I'm going
to just lightly out of Berlin i'm going
to add place the sister box in it like
so let's see if you can see that that's
all I'm doing I'm going to do another
one and this time I'm going to start
with a bell pepper last time I started
with a purple onion it really doesn't
matter however you would like to do it
it'll work
and like I said you just keep adding
shrimp bell pepper onions until you feel
your step and these are going to be
delicious I promise you I know I'm
always promising that something is going
to be delicious but you were thoroughly
and charges I do yes these are gonna be
you re o n with shrimp and then we're
going to add that and we're going to add
another strip on here these are going to
be delicious then i will take the
marinade that i have that he was sitting
in and I would just slightly pour it on
top because that's really where all the
flavor is and then my remaining I'm
going to sprinkle on top and it's like I
says garlic powder cayenne pepper
oregano basil 1 4 tbsp then I'm going to
place these in the oven and these are
gonna be delicious
so they will be in the oven for about 20
minutes you're going to cook them on
each side but ten minutes each then your
take them out and when you take them out
they will look like this let's see can
you see that these are some that are
finished and can I tell you you will
really enjoy these delicious sister
bombs recipe very simple all you do is
you add your vegetables of your choice
add some seasoning some Creole seasoning
when in my case i added cayenne pepper
basil lime garlic powder 1 4 tbsp of it
and I sprinkled it on it first i
marinated it in some olive oil and some
onions and bell peppers for about 30
minutes okay
when I say delicious delicious until
next time thanks for watching I'm gonna
enjoy these why